Showing the top 25 most incorrectly labelled arguments for embeddings:
No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 0 -5 Porn is definitely wrong. Porn is like an addiction to some people which is unhealthy and can lead to guilt and lust. An addiction to porn gives an unhealthy image of real sex. Porn promotes the fact that sex is totally based on pleasure, but it is actually based on love and affection also. Porn inspired numerous crimes that sometimes abuse the rights and virginity of many people.

	 0 -5 Is marriage really just about "love?" I think not. It's about societal norms. It's about legal rights. It's about families. It's about generations. It's about example. It's about commitment. It's about tax breaks. It's about parental roles. If it were just about "love" then I could marry my dog and two kids at the local middle-school could get married as well. It's not only about love.

	 8 0 india international institute like nalanda where students of many countries came for studies.........discovery of decimal and 0

	 6 -2 Christianity: belief in rape, genocide, hell fire, unscientific claims, superstition, eternal torture, pedophilia, incest, matricide, infanticide, bestiality, talking donkeys, talking snakes, etc Atheism: the rejection of these claims based on logic, observation, and common sense

	 10 0 I feel like it is better to do both, but in order to help others you need to help yourself. It all starts with your personal goals before you can help others.

	 10 0 Farquhar did all the ground work to improve Singapore but Raffles only dreamt about what to do.

	 0 -8 India does have ptential to lead the world, but so does China! America continues to outsource good manufactoring jobs to these countries resulting in an economic boost for India and China!

	 10 0 No.If you research about FarQuhar.He didn't do anything to help Singapore while Raffles was away,instead of doing anything he just made a big mess and allowed things like vice,crimes and gambling dens carry on.

	 11 -2 Im going to take the Obama approach to this Abortion is never something a women would take lightly there will always be a lot of thinking asking for help and even praying involved with making that decision. The pro-life people just don't seam to understand that we also think the abortion is a sad and awful thing and we pro-choicers hope nobody would ever have to make this difficult and life altering situation. there for this decision should be left to the women and not some man miles away in d.c. that has never faced it

	 25 0 Our animal insctinc is survival, its what makes us flinch wen we see something coming at ous it makes us react faster, our mental state changes. In todays post modern world, our instinc have change into keep obtaining money to keep ous alive. times change but our desire to survive above other is still thier.

	 13 0 The murders of a person is a crime that cant be overlook, to sleep next to a person who has commited this crime, and you knowing about makes you as much responsible as that persons.

	 0 -18 TV can be better than books because TV can show the characters' faces and the action can be displayed that is hard for one to decipher from a book.

	 26 0 Here's a story for you from a few years back. A nine year old girl living in poverty in South America was raped by her step dad, and got pregnant with twins. Her family knew that she would die in childbirth, but she was not allowed to get an abortion because they were devout catholics. Both her and her two children died. That's three lives lost. One of those lives actually knew what life was.

	 0 -20 The fact that the only reasonable argument IE users have is that they are cooler or get laid more only proves even more that firefox is better.

	 15 -3 Before leaving Singapore, Raffles did leave some plans and policies that were important for the development of the settlement.

	 29 0 it is good to follow to proper school code and the right to express emotions is right but not necessary as we have come school for learning

	 12 -20 I DON'T BELIEVE IN CHRISTIANITY NOR ATHEISM. I AM A MUSLIM, THATS THE BEST RELIGION...

	 40 0 India is a good country to live in... it has diverse culture but still it unites as one. Saare jagah se achcha... Hindustan hamara...

	 4 -28 the number of reasons on why ff ie are LISTLESS(:

	 0 -52 Farquhar was unjustly exiled by Raffles even though William had done a lot to help Singapore.

	 0 -61 Mozilla Firefox is better than Internet Explorer because it alerts you that it has blocked pop-ups and automatically updates the older version to the latest version along with a google toolbar and it downloads very quickly

	 61 0 GO TV!!!!!! GO TV!!!! TV will win hopefully LOL TV is great to watch anything

	 0 -74 spanking is your decision kids can be bad but use it as a last resort

	 80 0 FISH ARE DROWNING, THE FISH ARE DROWNING. Don't worryz potato U is not alone

	 0 -109 AS LONG AS IT IS NOT DISEASE WE SHOULD ALL BE FINE WITH ITT ITS NOT OUR BUSINESS!!! 
